mere Qin family
It's just relying on local forces
Even far from my Lei's house
If you still expect Miss Hu to be your ex
If you are a wife, then you can forget it.
But it's wrong.
Lei Shao, although I had a marriage with him
But not a couple
This matter will be brought up again
I'll die first, I've saved enough face for you
You feel that a misunderstanding makes you happy to approach
Wake up
It's you who should wake up
You shouldn't be here.
Now the only rule of the Qin family will help you use it.
How dare you appear in front of me?
Miss Hu held a total of two banquets today
This is the front
Anyone can
This is the Kunlun Emperor's Palace
Forestry is also Perrin, he also dares to come
But forestry has stood up for you for three years after all
That's good for him
He doesn't sound so nice to you
Threaten me
I just want Miss Hu to be in front of the Lord
Leave one
Pretty good impression.
Miss Xu
The IQ in your head was hit red by a car accident
Even if he enters the Kunlun lineage overnight
It's just that the master and Zhu's subordinates are busy
It will be worse than now
Dad, lest someone call me a bully
As soon as you enter Kunlun
See him here
There's no way to work under his girl
Today is my Kunlun lineage
Inheritance ceremony
Now I announce that the selection banquet is about to begin